I am learning a bit about integral closure. 

*Definition 1. [Integral element]* Let $A$ be a subring of $B$. An element $u \in B$ is integral over $A$ if there exists a *monic* polynomial $f$ in $A[X]$ such that $f(u) = 0$.

The *integral* idea here is kind of analoguous to the case of $\mathbb{Z}$, when a *monic* polynomial with integer coefficients only takes integer roots, if these roots are rational. 
Before going into another viewpoint of Definition 1, we introduce the notation of module.

*Definition 2. [Module]* Let $R$ be a ring. A *left $R$-module* $M$ consists of an abelian group $(M, +)$ and an operation $\cdot: R \times M \to M$ such that for all $r, s \in R$ and $x, y \in M$, we have:
* $r \cdot (x + y) = r \cdot x + r \cdot y$
* $(r + s) \cdot x = r \cdot x + s \cdot x$
* $(rs) \cdot x = r \cdot (s \cdot x)$
* $1 \cdot x = x$

Basically, an $R$-module is like a vector space with scalar in ring $R$, instead of the usual vector space with scalar in a field.

*Lemma 1.* Let $A$ be a subring of $B$. An element $u \in B$ is integral over $A$ if and only if $B$ contains an $A[u]$-module that contains $1$ and is finitely generated as an $A$-module. 
*Proof.* 

If $u$ is integral over $A$, there exists a monic polynomial $f \in A[X]$ with degree $n$ that $f(u) = 0$. 
Then the infinite basis $1, u, u^2, \ldots$ is actually generated by the finite basis $1, u, \ldots, u^{n-1}$, since each $u^m$ with $m \ge n$ can be written as $A$-linear combination of $u^{m-1}, \ldots, u^{m-n}$.
We can take the module $M = A[u]$, which is also an $A[u]-module$.

Suppose conversely that there exists $M$, an $A[u]$-module finitely generated over $A$, and let $x_1, x_2, \ldots, x_n$ be generators.
For each $i$, we can get $u x_i$ being an element in $M$, being an $A$-linear combination of $x_1, x_2, \ldots, x_n$.
Let $u x = T x$, where $T$ has each row being the coefficients of the $A$-linear combinations.
Let $f$ be a characteristic of $T$. 
Since $u x = T x$, we further have $f(u) x = f(T) x$, but $f(T) = det(T I - T) = 0$, hence $f(u) x = 0$.
This means that $f(u) v = 0$ for any $v \in M$, but $M$ contains $1$, we can substitute $v = 1$ and get $f(u) = 0$.
Further note that $f$ is monic, since $f$ is a characteristic polynomial, we obtained the conclusion.


*Definition 3. [Integral closure]$ The integral closure of $A$ in $B$ is the subset of $B$ consisting of elements in $B$ that are integral over $A$.